##Codebook week 4 getting and cleaning data

#contains info on the summary data set

Subject	"A numeric value, 30 different subjects was used for the test, a unique value"
Activity	"The activity the subject  performed during the test. Either WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING"
tBodyAccMeanForX	Mean of measurement tBodyAcc-mean()-X values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccMeanForY	Mean of measurement tBodyAcc-mean()-Y values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccMeanForZ	Mean of measurement tBodyAcc-mean()-Z values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccStdDevForX	Mean of measurement tBodyAcc-std()-X values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccStdDevForY	Mean of measurement tBodyAcc-std()-Y values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccStdDevForZ	Mean of measurement tBodyAcc-std()-Z values for particular subject and activity
tGravityAccMeanForX	Mean of measurement tGravityAcc-mean()-X values for particular subject and activity
tGravityAccMeanForY	Mean of measurement tGravityAcc-mean()-Y values for particular subject and activity
tGravityAccMeanForZ	Mean of measurement tGravityAcc-mean()-Z values for particular subject and activity
tGravityAccStdDevForX	Mean of measurement tGravityAcc-std()-X values for particular subject and activity
tGravityAccStdDevForY	Mean of measurement tGravityAcc-std()-Y values for particular subject and activity
tGravityAccStdDevForZ	Mean of measurement tGravityAcc-std()-Z values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkMeanForX	Mean of measurement tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkMeanForY	Mean of measurement tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkMeanForZ	Mean of measurement tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkStdDevForX	Mean of measurement tBodyAccJerk-std()-X values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkStdDevForY	Mean of measurement tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkStdDevForZ	Mean of measurement tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroMeanForX	Mean of measurement tBodyGyro-mean()-X values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroMeanForY	Mean of measurement tBodyGyro-mean()-Y values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroMeanForZ	Mean of measurement tBodyGyro-mean()-Z values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroStdDevForX	Mean of measurement tBodyGyro-std()-X values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroStdDevForY	Mean of measurement tBodyGyro-std()-Y values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroStdDevForZ	Mean of measurement tBodyGyro-std()-Z values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkMeanForX	Mean of measurement tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkMeanForY	Mean of measurement tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkMeanForZ	Mean of measurement tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkStdDevForX	Mean of measurement tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkStdDevForY	Mean of measurement tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkStdDevForZ	Mean of measurement tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccMagmean	Mean of measurement tBodyAccMag-mean() values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccMagstd	Mean of measurement tBodyAccMag-std() values for particular subject and activity
tGravityAccMagmean	Mean of measurement tGravityAccMag-mean() values for particular subject and activity
tGravityAccMagstd	Mean of measurement tGravityAccMag-std() values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkMagmean	Mean of measurement tBodyAccJerkMag-mean() values for particular subject and activity
tBodyAccJerkMagstd	Mean of measurement tBodyAccJerkMag-std() values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroMagmean	Mean of measurement tBodyGyroMag-mean() values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroMagstd	Mean of measurement tBodyGyroMag-std() values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkMagmean	Mean of measurement tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() values for particular subject and activity
tBodyGyroJerkMagstd	Mean of measurement tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() values for particular subject and activity
fBodyAccMeanForX	Mean of measurement fBodyAcc-mean()-X values for particular subject and activity
fBodyAccMeanForY	Mean of measurement fBodyAcc-mean()-Y values for particular subject and activity
fBodyAccMeanForZ	Mean of measurement fBodyAcc-mean()-Z values for particular subject and activity
fBodyAccStdDevForX	Mean of measurement fBodyAcc-std()-X values for particular subject and activity
fBodyAccStdDevForY	Mean of measurement fBodyAcc-std()-Y values for particular subject and activity
fBodyAccStdDevForZ	Mean of measurement fBodyAcc-std()-Z values for particular subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkMeanForX	Mean of measurement fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X values for particular subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkMeanForY	Mean of measurement fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y values for particular subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkMeanForZ	Mean of measurement fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z values for particular subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkStdDevForX	Mean of measurement fBodyAccJerk-std()-X values for particular subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkStdDevForY	Mean of measurement fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y values for particular subject and activity
fBodyAccJerkStdDevForZ	Mean of measurement fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z values for particular subject and activity
fBodyGyroMeanForX	Mean of measurement fBodyGyro-mean()-X values for particular subject and activity
fBodyGyroMeanForY	Mean of measurement fBodyGyro-mean()-Y values for particular subject and activity
fBodyGyroMeanForZ	Mean of measurement fBodyGyro-mean()-Z values for particular subject and activity
fBodyGyroStdDevForX	Mean of measurement fBodyGyro-std()-X values for particular subject and activity
fBodyGyroStdDevForY	Mean of measurement fBodyGyro-std()-Y values for particular subject and activity
fBodyGyroStdDevForZ	Mean of measurement fBodyGyro-std()-Z values for particular subject and activity
fBodyAccMagmean	Mean of measurement fBodyAccMag-mean() values for particular subject and activity
fBodyAccMagstd	Mean of measurement fBodyAccMag-std() values for particular subject and activity
fBodyBodyAccJerkMagmean	Mean of measurement fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean() values for particular subject and activity
fBodyBodyAccJerkMagstd	Mean of measurement fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() values for particular subject and activity
fBodyBodyGyroMagmean	Mean of measurement fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() values for particular subject and activity
fBodyBodyGyroMagstd	Mean of measurement fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() values for particular subject and activity
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagmean	Mean of measurement fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() values for particular subject and activity
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagstd	Mean of measurement fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std() values for particular subject and activity
